and such tips for you to decorate your home
this is our framework in the program in
focus always remembering you
I have the honor prominent in voith is
my side is the architect ana maria
miller alright Marian rajoy is good
great and wanting to be oriented
for you and the women also goianas
people separated some things here for
this room is not
what would you put as a point
essential for this room that people
is to be in this she then said
What happens wants to see when mounting
A living room of us has to
thinking in a general context is then
principle we chose to talk about
be a leather furniture that is one thing
What advice are you using?
because it is a mobile that has a
longer durability
it is a sofa a timeless couch rate
Are you going to be a good housewife?
woman for a long time and
It's true then it 's a couch that he's mean
then the wild card you keep the sofa and
With time you change the throne plays a
own rug pattern and you get the
walk and evolve and change the
your room without losing sight of the
main feature the most
strong room that is the sofa
the idea today for our castes who
we are watching is putting a sofa
that today we speak only for three
No, it's not like that anymore.
We already say it's a big sofa.
every three four people a more
Obviously no limitation for this is a couch
that fits on your wall is usually
important that it does not occupy the
whole has a space on the sides
who is putting a little table a support
and here we put it in that
space we put this sofa
we put two two more armchairs
that we call and not
those few who accompanied
they speak
are the drier seats are the
narrower for you to know
when it in smaller environments
It's okay, let's talk about the colors, it 's us.
saw that the leather we used a
brown could have been another light color
and dark when I choose whether the color is
light and dark
is this doubt a very frequent doubt
It's very tasty, you're wearing color.
dark because you are easy to clean
you see the dirt is much easier
but a clear sofa makes all the difference
especially in small environments
so the tip tip for those who are in
watching is that the sofas they have to
be five small environments and colors
clear because the flowers and light colors
that make it easier to appear that the
it's bigger
then're a nice tip is what we
used here too i used some ornaments
which are silver with silver
they stay are also kind of
timeless and you may be trading
then he for the pain in the blue reds
according to what you me
I liked that void store is that the body
It is very soft ness and noticed how the
leather that well but that makes the difference
when it's time to buy is to see what kind of
leather that you are buying and that I say
much to my customers when you go
buy a couch like that from voith senta
It is experiment touch cup hand grasp
you felt so comfortable and only
has design has quality
understood everything that we touch and
that we feel that it is not pleasant
do not buy because you do not have quality
and what's cool about couch and not
Warm up, you're not going to sit there alone.
will be left tingling warming
that thing to comfort so it is
need to look is not buying is and
The good thing about voith here is that this
these leather sofas are sofas
pleasant
they are soft and they are not hot it is
a worry of the goiano time we
we live in a climate it's hot she
understood then we have to have something
which is more pleasant and has been very
beautiful this space let's now to
our tv room sure will
walk with us here form
the arena
ae looks yummy room here that our
tv room as comfortable in her maria
It is a very nice room that
We can be riding in space.
of any house any apartment and
so the tip is the staff who are
watching us is that the software we
we used here was a retractable couch
which is a retractable sofa is a sofa that
both it open you can watch
a tv while he closed it
turns into a living room
I looked then and it's very cool
It's very important to leave this very
clear
Let's go to the apartments today.
have option of doing the part of
are apartments that are
they are not too big you do not
you have the option of having a living room and
a tv room tv room the people
opting in the case here for leather and people
it is worth emphasizing once again this type of
lucky thing it does not get hot it's a
chocolat it the more it is used
more comfortable stay on the softer street
The more pleasant end is the fabric of
armchairs and we can spare
entered the very beautiful is this is
and we made a joke
people used a mosaic with a stamp
in the armchairs to create a
different is nice and hence a
time if you play you can change this
tissue put another change
completely thrown from a rug
You also chose silk threads, right?
silk thread as I already said he has a
Very soft touch and it's nice to go
suppose dad and mom are sitting in the
room are watching tv
and then the movie is joking happily
small son gets very focused on what
natural jokes and will stay there
floor on the floor then it is a
space to please who is seeing now in
charles james one is charles pictures
beautiful mingus sharemula that one loves
an armchair is an armchair that she
A molejo has a very good balance and
I really like to mention charles mistakes.
especially when it is colored
because the durability of it is greater
Finding zines is a lot of designing her.
sees it is timeless because it already already
has been on the market for many
supporting this is that it was drawn
I really like the little cottage was
that I use the couple's room a lot
example where the husband or wife likes
to do a reading I always say the
charles eames with the sieve nor with the
part of putting your feet to you is
sitting down reading Ana Maria
I want to thank you for participating in us.
great tips I want to invite you to a
Next chat, we'll be back.
here and bring more suitable for our
viewer thank you saw that it was
also thank the whole team back us
we're here on voith and we stay
in love with everything we see and live
here and there are many nice options to
Do you decorate your house and leave like Ana
Maria spoke to his face with refinement and
glamor warmth and sophistication
the address on the screen for you 136 avenue
number 184 in the Marist sector and the telephone
It is 3365 29 to denise that the manager more
all your team will be here
waiting for you and leaving your space
even more cozy this tip of the
our focus program this week